listen the last thing that really really
significantly improves quality of life
in this country and all over the West
was the Second World War
because things were so up that
people said no we're not going to accept
it we demand change and they got change
they got affordable housing good Quality
Healthcare good quality education for
all the people in this country even the
poorest people in this country and it
was a second world war that achieved
that because when times are really
really bad that's an opportunity to
bring people together and we have an
opportunity like that now and that's
what I'm trying to do here so I would
encourage anybody support the channel
support anyone else you know who's
campaigning for wealth inequality bring
people in and help grow this voice and
that
hopefully is how we achieve change and
I'm not saying it's going to work I'm
not saying we're definitely going to win
but if we lose it's a big problem so we
have to try so yeah please support us
keep watching keep sharing thank you